Codebook
=================

This is the Codebook for the final dataset in `final_dataset.txt` generated by the `run_analysis.R` script.

This Codebook is divided into few sections as follows:

1. Description of the final dataset
2. Is the final dataset tidy?
3. Evolution from Raw Data to final dataset; some information is sourced from  `feautures_info.ext`


*why the data is tydy
refer to the paper from and the thread
[https://github.com/rdpeng/ProgrammingAssignment2](https://github.com/rdpeng/ProgrammingAssignment2)

*concerns about duplicate names

*what I did prior to running the code

*data quality

* N/A

* factors 





The features selected for this database come from the accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ. These time domain signals (prefix 't' to denote time) were captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz. Then they were filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise. Similarly, the acceleration signal was then separated into body and gravity acceleration signals (tBodyAcc-XYZ and tGravityAcc-XYZ) using another low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 0.3 Hz. 

Subsequently, the body linear acceleration and angular velocity were derived in time to obtain Jerk signals (tBodyAccJerk-XYZ and tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ). Also the magnitude of these three-dimensional signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm (tBodyAccMag, tGravityAccMag, tBodyAccJerkMag, tBodyGyroMag, tBodyGyroJerkMag). 

Finally a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) was applied to some of these signals producing fBodyAcc-XYZ, fBodyAccJerk-XYZ, fBodyGyro-XYZ, fBodyAccJerkMag, fBodyGyroMag, fBodyGyroJerkMag. (Note the 'f' to indicate frequency domain signals). 

These signals were used to estimate variables of the feature vector for each pattern:  
'-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions:

* tBodyAcc-XYZ
* tGravityAcc-XYZ
* tBodyAccJerk-XYZ
* tBodyGyro-XYZ
* tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ
* tBodyAccMag
* tGravityAccMag
* tBodyAccJerkMag
* tBodyGyroMag
* tBodyGyroJerkMag
* fBodyAcc-XYZ
* fBodyAccJerk-XYZ
* fBodyGyro-XYZ
* fBodyAccMag
* fBodyAccJerkMag
* fBodyGyroMag
* fBodyGyroJerkMag

The set of variables that were estimated from these signals are: 

* mean(): Mean value
* std(): Standard deviation
* mad(): Median absolute deviation 
* max(): Largest value in array
* min(): Smallest value in array
* sma(): Signal magnitude area
* energy(): Energy measure. Sum of the squares divided by the number of values. 
* iqr(): Interquartile range 
* entropy(): Signal entropy
* arCoeff(): Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4
* correlation(): correlation coefficient between two signals
* maxInds(): index of the frequency component with largest magnitude
* meanFreq(): Weighted average of the frequency components to obtain a mean frequency
* skewness(): skewness of the frequency domain signal 
* kurtosis(): kurtosis of the frequency domain signal 
* bandsEnergy(): Energy of a frequency interval within the 64 bins of the FFT of each window.
* angle(): Angle between to vectors.

Additional vectors obtained by averaging the signals in a signal window sample. These are used on the angle() variable:

* gravityMean
* tBodyAccMean
* tBodyAccJerkMean
* tBodyGyroMean
* tBodyGyroJerkMean

The complete list of 561 variables of each feature vector( sourced from 'features.txt' )

1. tBodyAcc-mean()-X: mean of time body accelation signals on X axis
2. tBodyAcc-mean()-Y: mean of time body accelation signal on Y axis
3. tBodyAcc-mean()-Z: mean of time body accelation signal on Z axis
4. tBodyAcc-std()-X: standard deviation of time body accelation signals on X axis
5. tBodyAcc-std()-Y: standard deviation of time body accelation signals on Y axis
6. tBodyAcc-std()-Z: standard deviation of time body accelation signals on Z axis
7. tBodyAcc-mad()-X: median absolute deviation of time body accelation signals on X axis
8. tBodyAcc-mad()-Y: median absolute deviation of time body accelation signals on Y axis
9. tBodyAcc-mad()-Z: median absolute deviation of time body accelation signals on Z axis
10. tBodyAcc-max()-X: largest value of time body accelation signals on X axis
11. tBodyAcc-max()-Y: largest value of time body accelation signals on Y axis
12. tBodyAcc-max()-Z: largest value of time body accelation signals on Z axis
13. tBodyAcc-min()-X: smallest value of time body accelation signals on X axis
14. tBodyAcc-min()-Y: smallest value of time body accelation signals on Y axis
15. tBodyAcc-min()-Z: smallest value of time body accelation signals on Z axis
16. tBodyAcc-sma(): time body accelation signals magnitude area
17. tBodyAcc-energy()-X: energy measure of time body accelation signals on X axis 
18. tBodyAcc-energy()-Y: energy measure of time body accelation signals on Y axis 
19. tBodyAcc-energy()-Z: energy measure of time body accelation signals on Z axis 
20. tBodyAcc-iqr()-X: interquartile range for time body accelation signals on X axis
21. tBodyAcc-iqr()-Y: interquartile range for time body accelation signals on Y axis
22. tBodyAcc-iqr()-Z: interquartile range for time body accelation signals on Z axis
23. tBodyAcc-entropy()-X: entropy for time body accelation signals on X axis
24. tBodyAcc-entropy()-Y: entropy for time body accelation signals on Y axis
25. tBodyAcc-entropy()-Z: entropy for time body accelation signals on Z axis
26. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on X axis - 1
27. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on X axis - 2
28. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on X axis - 3
29. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on X axis - 4
30. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on Y axis - 1
31. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on Y axis - 2
32. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on Y axis - 3
33. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on Y axis - 4
34. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on Z axis - 1
35. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on Z axis - 2
36. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on Z axis - 3
37. tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time body accelation signals on Z axis - 4
38. tBodyAcc-correlation()-X,Y: correlation coefficient betweeen the time body accelation signals on X axis and the time body accelation signals on the Y axis
39. tBodyAcc-correlation()-X,Z: correlation coefficient betweeen the time body accelation signals on X axis and the time body accelation signals on the z axis
40. tBodyAcc-correlation()-Y,Z: orrelation coefficient betweeen the time body accelation signals on Yaxis and the time body accelation signals on the Z axis
41. tGravityAcc-mean()-X: mean of time gravity accelation signals on X axis
42. tGravityAcc-mean()-Y: mean of time gravity accelation signals on Y axis
43. tGravityAcc-mean()-Z: mean of time gravity accelation signals on Z axis
44. tGravityAcc-std()-X: standard deviation of time gravity accelation signals on X axis
45. tGravityAcc-std()-Y: standard deviation of time gravity accelation signals on Y axis
46. tGravityAcc-std()-Z: standard deviation of time gravity accelation signals on Z axis
47. GravityAcc-mad()-X: median absolute deviation of time gravity accelation signals on X axis
48. GravityAcc-mad()-Y: median absolute deviation of time gravity accelation signals on Y axis
49. tGravityAcc-mad()-Z: median absolute deviation of time gravity accelation signals on Z axis
50. tGravityAcc-max()-X: largest value of time gravity accelation signals on X axis
51. tGravityAcc-max()-Y: largest value of time gravity accelation signals on Y axis
52. tGravityAcc-max()-Z: largest value of time gravity accelation signals on Z axis
53. tGravityAcc-min()-X: smallest value of time gravity accelation signals on X axis
54. tGravityAcc-min()-Y: smallest value of time gravity accelation signals on Y axis
55. tGravityAcc-min()-Z: smallest value of time gravity accelation signals on Z axis
56. tGravityAcc-sma(): signal magnitude area for time gravity accelation signals 
57. tGravityAcc-energy()-X: energy measure for time gravity accelation signals on X axis  
58. tGravityAcc-energy()-Y: energy measure for time gravity accelation signals on Y axis 
59. tGravityAcc-energy()-Z: energy measure for time gravity accelation signals on Z axis 
60. tGravityAcc-iqr()-X: interquartile range for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
61. tGravityAcc-iqr()-Y: interquartile range for time gravity accelation signals on Y axis
62. tGravityAcc-iqr()-Z: interquartile range for time gravity accelation signals on Z axis
63. tGravityAcc-entropy()-X: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
64. tGravityAcc-entropy()-Y: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on Y axis
65. tGravityAcc-entropy()-Z: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on Z axis
66. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
67. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 2
68. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 3
69. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 4
70. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on Y axis - 1
71. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on Y axis - 2
72. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on Y axis - 3
73. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on Y axis - 4
74. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on Z axis - 1
75. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on Z axis - 2
76. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on Z axis - 3
77. tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on Z axis - 4
78. tGravityAcc-correlation()-X,Y: correlation coefficient betweeen the time gravity accelation signals on X axis and the time gravity accelation signals on the Y axis
79. tGravityAcc-correlation()-X,Z: orrelation coefficient betweeen the time gravity accelation signals on X axis and the time gravity accelation signals on the Z axis
80. tGravityAcc-correlation()-Y,Z: orrelation coefficient betweeen the time gravity accelation signals on Y axis and the time gravity accelation signals on the Z axis
81. tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X: mean of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on X axis
82. tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y: mean of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Y axis
83. tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z: mean of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Z axis
84. tBodyAccJerk-std()-X: standard deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on X axis
85. tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y: standard deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Y axis
86. tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z: standard deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Z axis
87. tBodyAccJerk-mad()-X: median avbsolute deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on X axis
88. tBodyAccJerk-mad()-Y: median avbsolute deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Y axis
89. tBodyAccJerk-mad()-Z: median avbsolute deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Z axis
90. tBodyAccJerk-max()-X: largest value of deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on X axis
91. tBodyAccJerk-max()-Y: largest value of deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Y axis
92. tBodyAccJerk-max()-Z: largest value of deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Z axis
93. tBodyAccJerk-min()-X: smallest value of deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on X axis
94. tBodyAccJerk-min()-Y: smallest value of deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Y axis
95. tBodyAccJerk-min()-Z: smallest value of deviation of derived jerk signal for time body accelerations signals on Z axis
96. tBodyAccJerk-sma(): signal magnitude area for derived jerk signals for time body accelation signals  
97. tBodyAccJerk-energy()-X: energy measure for derived jerk signals for time body accelation signals on X axis  
98. tBodyAccJerk-energy()-Y: energy measure for derived jerk signals for time body accelation signals on Y axis  
99. tBodyAccJerk-energy()-Z: energy measure for derived jerk signals for time body accelation signals on Z axis  
100. tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-X: interquartile range for derived jerk signals for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
101. tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Y: interquartile range for derived jerk signals for time gravity accelation signals on Y axis
102. tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Z: interquartile range for derived jerk signals for time gravity accelation signals on Z axis
103. tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-X: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis 
104. tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Y: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
105. tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Z: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
106. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
107. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
108. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
109. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
110. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
111. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,2 Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
112. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
113. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
114. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
115. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
116. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
117. tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
118. tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-X,Y
119. tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-X,Z
120. tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-Y,Z
121. tBodyGyro-mean()-X
122. tBodyGyro-mean()-Y
123. tBodyGyro-mean()-Z
124. tBodyGyro-std()-X
125. tBodyGyro-std()-Y
126. tBodyGyro-std()-Z
127. tBodyGyro-mad()-X
128. tBodyGyro-mad()-Y
129. tBodyGyro-mad()-Z
130. tBodyGyro-max()-X
131. tBodyGyro-max()-Y
132. tBodyGyro-max()-Z
133. tBodyGyro-min()-X
134. tBodyGyro-min()-Y
135. tBodyGyro-min()-Z
136. tBodyGyro-sma()
137. tBodyGyro-energy()-X
138. tBodyGyro-energy()-Y
139. tBodyGyro-energy()-Z
140. tBodyGyro-iqr()-X
141. tBodyGyro-iqr()-Y
142. tBodyGyro-iqr()-Z
143. tBodyGyro-entropy()-X: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
144. tBodyGyro-entropy()-Y: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
145. tBodyGyro-entropy()-Z: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
146. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
147. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
148. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
149. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
150. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,1:  Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
151. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
152. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
153. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
154. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
155. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
156. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,3 :Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
157. tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
158. tBodyGyro-correlation()-X,Y
159. tBodyGyro-correlation()-X,Z
160. tBodyGyro-correlation()-Y,Z
161. tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X
162. tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y
163. tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z
164. tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X
165. tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y
166. tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z
167. tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-X
168. tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-Y
169. tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-Z
170. tBodyGyroJerk-max()-X
171. tBodyGyroJerk-max()-Y
172. tBodyGyroJerk-max()-Z
173. tBodyGyroJerk-min()-X
174. tBodyGyroJerk-min()-Y
175. tBodyGyroJerk-min()-Z
176. tBodyGyroJerk-sma()
177. tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-X
178. tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-Y
179. tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-Z
180. tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-X
181. tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-Y
182. tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-Z
183. tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-X: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
184. tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-Y: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
185. tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-Z: entropy for time gravity accelation signals on X axis
186. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
187. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
188. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
189. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
190. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
191. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
192. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
193. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
194. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,1: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
195. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,2: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
196. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,3: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
197. tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,4: Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4 for time gravity accelation signals on X axis - 1
198. tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-X,Y
199. tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-X,Z
200. tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-Y,Z
201. tBodyAccMag-mean()
202. tBodyAccMag-std()
203. tBodyAccMag-mad()
204. tBodyAccMag-max()
205. tBodyAccMag-min()
206. tBodyAccMag-sma()
207. tBodyAccMag-energy()
208. tBodyAccMag-iqr()
209. tBodyAccMag-entropy()
210. tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()1
211. tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()2
212. tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()3
213. tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()4
214. tGravityAccMag-mean()
215. tGravityAccMag-std()
216. tGravityAccMag-mad()
217. tGravityAccMag-max()
218. tGravityAccMag-min()
219. tGravityAccMag-sma()
220. tGravityAccMag-energy()
221. tGravityAccMag-iqr()
222. tGravityAccMag-entropy()
223. tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()1
224. tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()2
225. tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()3
226. tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()4
227. tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()
228. tBodyAccJerkMag-std()
229. tBodyAccJerkMag-mad()
230. tBodyAccJerkMag-max()
231. tBodyAccJerkMag-min()
232. tBodyAccJerkMag-sma()
233. tBodyAccJerkMag-energy()
234. tBodyAccJerkMag-iqr()
235. tBodyAccJerkMag-entropy()
236. tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()1
237. tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()2
238. tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()3
239. tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()4
240. tBodyGyroMag-mean()
241. tBodyGyroMag-std()
242. tBodyGyroMag-mad()
243. tBodyGyroMag-max()
244. tBodyGyroMag-min()
245. tBodyGyroMag-sma()
246. tBodyGyroMag-energy()
247. tBodyGyroMag-iqr()
248. tBodyGyroMag-entropy()
249. tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()1
250. tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()2
251. tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()3
252. tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()4
253. tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()
254. tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()
255. tBodyGyroJerkMag-mad()
256. tBodyGyroJerkMag-max()
257. tBodyGyroJerkMag-min()
258. tBodyGyroJerkMag-sma()
259. tBodyGyroJerkMag-energy()
260. tBodyGyroJerkMag-iqr()
261. tBodyGyroJerkMag-entropy()
262. tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()1
263. tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()2
264. tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()3
265. tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()4
266. fBodyAcc-mean()-X
267. fBodyAcc-mean()-Y
268. fBodyAcc-mean()-Z
269. fBodyAcc-std()-X
270. fBodyAcc-std()-Y
271. fBodyAcc-std()-Z
272. fBodyAcc-mad()-X
273. fBodyAcc-mad()-Y
274. fBodyAcc-mad()-Z
275. fBodyAcc-max()-X
276. fBodyAcc-max()-Y
277. fBodyAcc-max()-Z
278. fBodyAcc-min()-X
279. fBodyAcc-min()-Y
280. fBodyAcc-min()-Z
281. fBodyAcc-sma()
282. fBodyAcc-energy()-X
283. fBodyAcc-energy()-Y
284. fBodyAcc-energy()-Z
285. fBodyAcc-iqr()-X
286. fBodyAcc-iqr()-Y
287. fBodyAcc-iqr()-Z
288. fBodyAcc-entropy()-X
289. fBodyAcc-entropy()-Y
290. fBodyAcc-entropy()-Z
291. fBodyAcc-maxInds-X
292. fBodyAcc-maxInds-Y
293. fBodyAcc-maxInds-Z
294. fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X
295. fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y
296. fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z
297. fBodyAcc-skewness()-X
298. fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-X
299. fBodyAcc-skewness()-Y
300. fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-Y
301. fBodyAcc-skewness()-Z
302. fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-Z
303. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
304. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
305. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
306. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
307. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40 energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
308. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
309. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
310. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
311. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
312. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
313. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
314. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
315. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
316. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
317. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
318. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
319. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
320. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
321. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
322. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
323. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56 energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
324. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
325. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
326. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
327. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
328. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
329. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
330. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals  
331. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
332. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
333. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
334. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
335. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
336. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
337. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
338. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
339. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
340. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
341. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
342. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
343. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
344. fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
345. fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X
346. fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y
347. fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z
348. fBodyAccJerk-std()-X
349. fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y
350. fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z
351. fBodyAccJerk-mad()-X
352. fBodyAccJerk-mad()-Y
353. fBodyAccJerk-mad()-Z
354. fBodyAccJerk-max()-X
355. fBodyAccJerk-max()-Y
356. fBodyAccJerk-max()-Z
357. fBodyAccJerk-min()-X
358. fBodyAccJerk-min()-Y
359. fBodyAccJerk-min()-Z
360. fBodyAccJerk-sma()
361. fBodyAccJerk-energy()-X
362. fBodyAccJerk-energy()-Y
363. fBodyAccJerk-energy()-Z
364. fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-X
365. fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Y
366. fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Z
367. fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-X
368. fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Y
369. fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Z
370. fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-X
371. fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-Y
372. fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-Z
373. fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X
374. fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y
375. fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z
376. fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-X
377. fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-X
378. fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-Y
379. fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-Y
380. fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-Z
381. fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-Z
382. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
383. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
384. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
385. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
386. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
387. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
388. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
389. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
390. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
391. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
392. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
393. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
394. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
395. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
396. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
397. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
398. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
399. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
400. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
401. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
402. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
403. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
404. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
405. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
406. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
407. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
408, fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
409, fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
410, fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
411, fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
412. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
413. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
414. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
415. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
416. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
417. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
418. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
419. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
420. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
421. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
422. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
423. fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
424. fBodyGyro-mean()-X
425. fBodyGyro-mean()-Y
426. fBodyGyro-mean()-Z
427. fBodyGyro-std()-X
428. fBodyGyro-std()-Y
429. fBodyGyro-std()-Z
430. fBodyGyro-mad()-X
431. fBodyGyro-mad()-Y
432. fBodyGyro-mad()-Z
433. fBodyGyro-max()-X
434. fBodyGyro-max()-Y
435. fBodyGyro-max()-Z
436. fBodyGyro-min()-X
437. fBodyGyro-min()-Y
438. fBodyGyro-min()-Z
439. fBodyGyro-sma()
440. fBodyGyro-energy()-X
441. fBodyGyro-energy()-Y
442. fBodyGyro-energy()-Z
443. fBodyGyro-iqr()-X
444. fBodyGyro-iqr()-Y
445. fBodyGyro-iqr()-Z
446. fBodyGyro-entropy()-X
447. fBodyGyro-entropy()-Y
448. fBodyGyro-entropy()-Z
449. fBodyGyro-maxInds-X
450. fBodyGyro-maxInds-Y
451. fBodyGyro-maxInds-Z
452. fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X
453. fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y
454. fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z
455. fBodyGyro-skewness()-X
456. fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-X
457. fBodyGyro-skewness()-Y
458. fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-Y
459. fBodyGyro-skewness()-Z
460. fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-Z
461. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
462. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
463. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
464. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
465. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
466. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
467. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
468. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
469. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
470. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
471. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
472. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
473. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
474. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
475. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
476. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
477. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
478. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
479. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
480. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
481. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
482. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
483. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
484. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
485. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
486. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
487. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
488. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
489. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
490. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
491. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
492. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
493. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
494. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
495. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
496. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
497. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
498. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
499. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
500. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
501. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
502. fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48: energy of a frequency interval for 1, 8 bins for frequency domain signals of body acceleration signals
503. fBodyAccMag-mean()
504. fBodyAccMag-std()
505. fBodyAccMag-mad()
506. fBodyAccMag-max()
507. fBodyAccMag-min()
508. fBodyAccMag-sma()
509. fBodyAccMag-energy()
510. fBodyAccMag-iqr()
511. fBodyAccMag-entropy()
512. fBodyAccMag-maxInds
513. fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()
514. fBodyAccMag-skewness()
515. fBodyAccMag-kurtosis()
516. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()
517. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()
518. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mad()
519. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-max()
520. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-min()
521. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-sma()
522. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-energy()
523. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-iqr()
524. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-entropy()
525. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-maxInds
526. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()
527. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-skewness()
528. fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-kurtosis()
529. fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()
530. fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()
531. fBodyBodyGyroMag-mad()
532. fBodyBodyGyroMag-max()
533. fBodyBodyGyroMag-min()
534. fBodyBodyGyroMag-sma()
535. fBodyBodyGyroMag-energy()
536. fBodyBodyGyroMag-iqr()
537. fBodyBodyGyroMag-entropy()
538. fBodyBodyGyroMag-maxInds
539. fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()
540. fBodyBodyGyroMag-skewness()
541. fBodyBodyGyroMag-kurtosis()
542. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()
543. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()
544. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mad()
545. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-max()
546. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-min()
547. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-sma()
548. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-energy()
549. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-iqr()
550. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-entropy()
551. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-maxInds
552. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()
553. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-skewness()
554. fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-kurtosis()
555. angle(tBodyAccMean,gravity): angle between  tBodyAccMean and gravity vectors
556. angle(tBodyAccJerkMean,gravityMean): angle between tBodyAccJerkMean and gravityMean vectors
557. angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean): angle between tBodyGyroMean and gravityMean vectors
558. angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean): angle between tBodyGyroMean and gravityMean vectors
559. angle(X,gravityMean): angle between X axis and gravityMean vectors
560. angle(Y,gravityMean): angle between Y axis and gravityMean vectors
561. angle(Z,gravityMean): angle between Z axis and gravityMean vectors



